fixes outdated Insomnia Designer documentation references (#3927)
Kong/insomnia: packages/insomnia-inso/README.md

Table of Contents
=================

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Data source](#data-source)
- [The `[identifier]` argument](#the-identifier-argument)
- [Global options](#global-options)
- [Commands](#commands)
  - [`$ inso generate config [identifier]`](#-inso-generate-config-identifier)
    - [Examples](#examples)
  - [`$ inso lint spec [identifier]`](#-inso-lint-spec-identifier)
    - [Examples](#examples-1)
  - [`$ inso run test [identifier]`](#-inso-run-test-identifier)
    - [Examples](#examples-2)
  - [`$ inso export spec [identifier]`](#-inso-export-spec-identifier)
    - [Examples](#examples-3)
  - [`$ inso script <name>`](#-inso-script-name)
    - [Examples](#examples-4)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Example](#example)
- [Git Bash](#git-bash)
- [Continuous Integration](#continuous-integration)

> - [Development](#development)

Author: my autoformatter (`Markdown All in One`, the most popular by far at ~3 million installs) did this and I undid it but then saw that I missed something else in this file and it autoformatted it again.  it's out of scope for this PR, yes, but it'd be nice to just let it slide since it's the _only_ thing that the linter thinks is wrong in the whole file.

Reviewer: Could you switch this back please? These as TOC entries are quite verbose.

<img width="323" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4312346/130000608-0141869b-564f-4c1a-af09-746749b0ca94.png">

Author: removed in e570082308b1ef2297028fb1afb01f81128961ec

## `$ inso run test [identifier]`

> API Unit Testing was introduced with Insomnia Designer 2020.3.0, and this command adds the functionality to execute those unit tests via the command line, very useful for a CI environment. `inso` will report on test results, and exit with an appropriate exit code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API unit tests can be written and run within Insomnia, and this command adds the functionality to execute those unit tests via the command line, very useful for a CI environment. `inso` will report on test results, and exit with an appropriate exit code.
```
